So now that we learned a lot about filters and mixins, it's time to practice it.
I got four little exercises for you, in the first exercise,
I want you to build your local filter, your own local filter which reverses any text it filters. In the
second exercise,
I want you to build a global filter which then counts the length of a word and then appends it to
the end of it, like this, you have a paragraph where you output test,
let's say then I want to filter it,
so tests gets transformed to test whitespace and in parentheses the length of this word. In exercise number
three, I want you to repeat exercises 1 and 2
but now with computed properties so that you see how you can also solve that without filters. In exercise
number four, I want you to share the computed property you build for exercise two,
so the global filter which now is a computed property due to exercise three, to share it via mixin.
Well with that,
I wish you good luck with that.
See you in the next video where I will show you my solution.